a half double crochet stitch is slightly
taller than a single crochet stitch
to do it you're gonna first do a yarn
over so hold your hook in front of the
working yarn with the tip of your hook facing you
do a yarn over which means bringing your
hook below and behind the working yarn
now it should look like you've got two
strands of yarn on the hook
we're going to put the hook into the
next hole
which is this one and it should look like you've got
four strands of yarn on the hook now
so your hook should still be in front of the
working yarn tip of the hook facing
you do another yarn over by bringing the
yarn below and behind the working yarn
pull that yarn through just the first
two loops on the hook
so now it should look like you have
three strands of yarn or three loops
on your hook
now do a yarn over again
bring your hook below and behind the
working yarn
and then pull that yarn through all
three loops on the hook
and that is a half double crochet stitch